# Blockchain solution for agricultural products traceability system
## Introduction
On the one hand, there are a series of problems in China's agriculture, such as lack of resources, declining fertility, low degree of mechanization and low degree of informatization, which restrict the development of agriculture and the income of the rural population. On the other hand, food safety problems occur frequently in China, endangering the health of the Chinese people. Food traceability based on Internet of Things technology can not only solve the food safety problem, but also effectively improve the income of the agricultural population. If the food traceability system is managed by a centralized platform, the data can be modified unilaterally by the central platform. The "trust" of the information is still unresolved. The source traced back may be a forged source. However, Blockchain technology's characteristics of de-centralization, non-tampering and full-web publishing can perfectly solve these problems. This paper analyzes the problems existing in China's agriculture and food safety, puts forward the idea of solving the problems through the agricultural product traceability system, briefly discusses the successful case of "Chain Orange" relying on blockchain, and designs a traceability system model and traceability strategy based on blockchain. At the end of the article, according to the actual situation, it is proposed that the blockchain traceability system can be promoted through BaaS to ensure the technical level and save the promotion cost.
## Catalog
I. Current Situation of Agricultural Development in China
II. Food Safety Issues and Causes
III. Blockchain Solves Agricultural Products Safety Problem
IV. "Chain Orange" Case
V. Design of traceability system model based on blockchain.
VI. Blockchain traceability system through BaaS
VII. Conclusion
## I. Current Situation of Agricultural Development in China
i. Current situation of resource utilization. In China's agricultural development, the available agricultural resources are relatively high, but the per capita arable land and freshwater resources are relatively small. China has only 2100 cubic meters of fresh water per capita, accounting for 28% of the world average. China uses groundwater exploitation to meet the demand for fresh water and irrigation, but excessive exploitation leads to the decline of the ground level and the cutoff of the surrounding lake waves, thus further causing the shortage of water resources. China has a rural population of 560 million, accounting for 40% of the country's population. China's total cultivated land area is only over 120 million hectares and the per capita cultivated land area is only 0.09 hectares, less than 50% of the world's per capita cultivated land area, which is difficult to meet the demand for intensive agricultural production.
ii. Soil fertility status. In the history, people used farmyard manure and plant ash to ensure soil fertility in agricultural production. However, with the development of science and technology, a large amount of chemical fertilizer is now used to increase land yield. The use of a large amount of chemical fertilizer is gradually eroding soil fertility and causing serious damage to soil.
iii. Current situation of agricultural income. In the development of Chinese society, the government is inclined to focus on the development of industry and urbanization in the formulation of food prices. The state has promoted the development of industrialization and urbanization through a series of policies, but has harmed the income of agricultural production. Although the government has issued a series of policies to promote the development of agriculture, it has not fundamentally changed this situation. In recent years, the proportion of agricultural income is gradually declining, and most farmers choose to go out to work to earn income. In 2018, China's rural per capita disposable income was only 14,617 yuan, while the urban per capita disposable income was 39,251 yuan, leaving a clear gap between urban and rural areas.
iv. Current situation of agricultural production mechanization. In agricultural production, the use of mechanized equipment can improve agricultural production efficiency. China has initially realized mechanization and semi-mechanization in the production of crops such as rice and wheat. However, compared with countries with developed agriculture, China's level of mechanization is still in its infancy, and due to the restrictions of China's policies, agricultural distribution and development, China's mechanized production is difficult to achieve effective progress, thus affecting the development of China's agriculture.
v. Current situation of agricultural informatization. With the continuous development of agricultural information technology, China's agricultural information construction has gradually taken shape and the basic conditions for its development have been continuously improved. However, there are still problems such as lack of application software and slow update of basic equipment. These problems are more obvious in the central and western regions of China, the utilization rate of agricultural Internet technology is relatively low, and some remote areas still have phenomena such as old computer equipment and underdeveloped networks. The imperfect basic equipment of agricultural information technology has seriously affected the distribution channels and mutual dissemination of agricultural information. The quality level of staff engaged in information service is quite different, and there is a lack of professional, scientific and experienced staff who have mastered agricultural information technology, which has had a great impact on the development of agricultural information, and problems encountered cannot be solved in a timely manner.
## II. Food Safety Issues and Causes
In China, food safety problems have appeared frequently in the past few years: in order to eliminate insect pests, some people use high toxicity and even highly toxic pesticide in large quantities, resulting in serious over-standard pesticide residues in vegetables and fruits; In order to increase production, some people blindly use banned hormones. In order to increase the lean meat percentage of pigs, some people even mixed "lean meat essence" into the feed. In order to whiten flour and vermicelli, some people dare to mix the toxic chemical "Rongalite".  The food safety problem is worrying. Major food safety incidents continue to occur, once again sounding the alarm bell of food safety issues.
Food safety is the most basic livelihood issue. Why do food safety problems emerge one after another in China? I think there are mainly the following reasons:
i. Agricultural production is decentralized and safe production technology is difficult to popularize. In recent years, although China has vigorously advocated intensive scale management nationwide and formulated a series of policy dividends to speed up land circulation, for the time being, the decentralized small-scale farmers' production mode still dominates, which has brought great obstacles to the quality and safety management of agricultural products in China. On the other hand, China's agricultural product quality and safety technology foundation is relatively weak, and farmers' scientific and cultural level is generally not high, so the mastery of pollution-free agricultural product production technology is relatively lacking.
ii. Chemical fertilizers, pesticides and other residual pollution is serious. In China's agricultural development for many years, in order to quickly obtain the benefits of agricultural production, both agricultural enterprises and individual farmers have invested a large amount of chemical fertilizers and pesticides in farmland inside. Even some illegal businesses and farmers have used a large amount of aphrodisiacs and hormones and applied chemicals indiscriminately in order to strive for the early market of fruits and vegetables, resulting in the deterioration of the quality of agricultural products, resulting in poor taste and safety of fruits, vegetables and meat. Some have also used chemicals that have been banned by the state. Agricultural products with these chemicals remaining pose a serious threat to the health of many consumers.
iii. Secondary pollution of agricultural products derived from agricultural pollution. According to the "China Land and Resources Bulletin 2015", by the end of 2015, the pollution level of cultivated land in China had exceeded the standard by 19.4%, which has caused great obstacles to the quality and safety of agricultural products. Agricultural products will be contaminated by a large amount of pesticides, lead, arsenic and other harmful substances and cause acute poisoning, which will then reach consumers through the sales chain. At this time, a small amount of chemical pollution will enter the human body through food for a long time and cause chronic health hazards, such as heavy metals lead, mercury, cadmium and fluorine in coal. These pollutants may accumulate in the human body for a long time and cause various chronic hazards to human health, some of which are even difficult to cure.
iv. Emphasis on quantity rather than quality. Farmers attach more importance to the quantity of agricultural products than to their quality. In addition, what I said before was scattered production and management, lack of knowledge on safe production and processing, production technology and other aspects, and no one to give professional guidance to them, resulting in a messy product variety, which is difficult to ensure its specifications, standards and quality safety. For some enterprises, due to the high cost of developing high-quality agricultural products in some economic systems, they began to ignore social benefits and unilaterally pursue economic benefits, adding harmful chemicals to food.
## III. Blockchain Solves Agricultural Products Safety Problem
## IV. "Chain Orange" Case
## V. Design of traceability system model based on blockchain.
## VI. Blockchain traceability system through BaaS
## VII. Conclusion
